# How-to-use-Apple-Airplay-on-Roku-
Roku streaming player comes in the most effective and pocket friendly streaming players in the world. All you need is a HDMI input in your TV and a good internet connection to work roku player smooth and best. Roku comes with more than three thousand streaming channels which include all the famous channels like HBO, Netflix, Amazon Prime etc. It goes without saying that out of the many streaming media players available these days, Roku is the best one. Make Sure your Roku Device is UpdatedUpdating your Roku device is very important and the first step before using apple airplay on Roku. Follow the below steps to do it.Go to Homepage on your Roku player.Now go down to the settings area and move to systems.In systems, go to system update. When you’ll click on that you can check now the update of your system.Now, the update is successfully done in your Roku player.Contact Roku Customer SupportFollow the all the above mentioned steps to use apple airplay on roku. This is the most simply and easiest way to connect screen mirror your tv using apple airplay. If this method is not working in your case then you must contact Roku technical customer support at +1(844)-980-4031 or visit them on https://microsystemsupport.us/roku-technical-support-phone-number/ . The roku technical support is highly experienced in solving its customer’s queries and concerns everyday 24×7. Get Full Resolution-https://microsystemsupport.us/how-to-use-apple-airplay-on-roku/
